Feature/10 weekly update (#11)
miraisolutions/covid19-vaccination-ch: README.md

It is likely that upon data structure changes from *BAG* the article might fail to render. For this reason, data are programmatically updated and checked as part of the **Continuous Integration / Deployment GitHub Actions workflow** `.github/workflows/workflow.yml`. The report will therefore show the latest working data until the package is update to be compatible with the new data structure.

> Data are stored as RDS files inside the package under `inst/bag_data`, and used when rendering the article. A function of the package `build_data()` rebuilds the RDS files with the latest *BAG* data and overwrites them in `inst/bag_data`. This function is executed by the GitHub Action step _"Fetch and rebuild latest BAG data"_ every Tuesday at 15:00 UTC (since April 2022 BAG switched to weekly updates, on Tuesday at 15:30 CET), and the updated data are tested (relying on `R CMD check`) and then committed and pushed to the `main` branch. Finally, the article with updated data is deployed to *shinyapps.io*, ensuring the application can be visualized with the daily updates.

Reviewer: Same as a above, let's not mention CET 
```suggestion
Data are stored as RDS files inside the package under `inst/bag_data`, and used when rendering the article. A function of the package `build_data()` rebuilds the RDS files with the latest *BAG* data and overwrites them in `inst/bag_data`. This function is executed by the GitHub Action step _"Fetch and rebuild latest BAG data"_ every Tuesday at 15:00 UTC (since April 2022 BAG switched to weekly updates, on Tuesdays at 15:30 Zurich time), and the updated data are tested (relying on `R CMD check`) and then committed and pushed to the `main` branch. Finally, the article with updated data is deployed to *shinyapps.io*, ensuring the application can be visualized with the daily updates.
```
